hello everyone I'm coming on today to
give you a very brief tour of the inside
of my kitchen drawer now we only have
one kitchen drawer which means that we
have to use it very wisely we have to
use a space very wisely because it's our
only drawer now before I organized this
drawer we had our measuring spoons and
measuring cups up in cabinets and it was
a nightmare to find the sizes that we
were looking for to even find the
measuring cups because they would get
lost amongst the other dishes so we
decided to try to reorganize the drawer
and I went to one of my favorite places
for organizing the dollar store and I
found these baskets now the bigger blue
one that's on the bottom is one of my
favorite baskets in a dollar store
because holes a whole lot i also bought
some liner from the dollar store as you
can see down there is a blue liner and
it's just kind of stopping everything
from moving around so i have liner in
the drawer and i also have liner in the
bigger basket in the individual small
cuffs which came three in a pack for a
dollar i have one cup housing the baby's
spoons so it's easy access for us to
grab what it's time to feed her i have
one cup holding my chip clips that i got
from ikea these are my favorite types of
chip clips they work perfectly and
they're very inexpensive maybe three
dollars a packet ikea maybe less another
cup is holding my sharpie marker pens
and these are the smaller version i
think these are supposed to maybe go on
your keychain but they fit perfectly in
this drawer and so we use them as our
kitchen writing utensils i have one
empty space here i really don't know
what to put in there yet but i'll
probably find something along the way to
put in there in this back bin which came
two for a dollar in a pack i have all my
measuring spoons yes they are all
mismatched but you know it works for us
so that's fine I'm and in this back
basket right here I have again
mismatched but I have all my measuring
cups and it's really easy to find
whatever couple are looking for
to pull out either that silver one is
all they're all attached or the
individual ones that read in a black
it's just really easy getting here and
find what we're looking for i also have
right here just stuck down the side my
can opener and on this side i don't know
if you can see I have my basting brush
and a lighter for my candles so
basically this entire drawer
organization system cost me one two
three four dollars the basket back here
was to in a pack for a dollar like I
said these longer baskets that are
holding the measuring spoons were also
two for a dollar the square ones were
three four dollar and the blue basket
was a dollar i'm sorry and also the
runner that's stopping is moving around
out with a dollar so one two three four
five dollars total to organize my drawer
we're pretty happy with it and it works
for us though go dollar tree thanks for
watching and have a good night